To get the active user account monthly or daily,
you need to first define what active means.
For example, if you were on a social media platform like Facebook,
user is counted as active,
if the user logs in,
likes, comments, or shares a post.
Defining what constitutes an active user
is an important part of calculating your growth metrics.
Monthly active users tells the number of users who were active in the last month.
Daily active users are the users who were active in the previous day.
Engagement or actual use of the website will differ depending on the website.
For a weak hard business,
engagement could take the form of users who are using it to check the prices,
are those ordering groceries.
Once you have your active user accounts,
it is easier to see how the visitors are using the website.
You can even narrow this down to specific features or market segments.
Let's look at this graph from the website linked below.
This timeline graph shows the year on your monthly active user growth for
Facebook across specific world regions between 2013 and 2015.
On the y-axis is the number of active users in millions.
You can see right away how the monthly active user growth in
Asia was much higher than for North America and Europe.
That meant Facebook users in Asia we're using the site more frequently,
and the number was increasing steadily.
The life for North America and Europe shows the monthly active user trend flattening off.
In the next video,
we capture how to use monthly active users and
daily active user metric together to create a new engagement metric.